press a large welcome to God solar
7-channel I'm sister Barbara a brother
down with me today brother dan has what
three no prophecy messages from over
this week and we have two older prophecy
messages that are not always the time to
put them up and we see Lily the little
lion coming so I'm going to be in the
New King James Version Study Bible mm
going to be in the book of Genesis
chapter 19 and I'm going to be reading
verses 23 to 25 the Sun had risen upon
the earth when lot entered or then the
Lord rained brimstone fire on Sodom and
Gomorrah from the Lord out of the
heavens so he overthrew those cities of
the plain all the inhabitants of the
cities and what grow on the ground
sounds kind of a glad to be here again
hi guys killer7 I got this word on jun
27th of 2015 I who am the wellspring of
life shall speak of death shall the
degradation of these people not call for
justice shall Sodom and Gomorrah not be
revisited speak now son of man speak of
the evil of these people does time now
remember my judgment shall sorrow not
return to their households have they not
forsaken my mercy my judgment shall be
swift and final I shall respond to evil
with the sword of justice I have seen
with my own eyes their wickedness my cup
of wrath overflows this day today's
warnings shall be followed by tomorrow's
Judgment what I created I can destroy I
shall not inclined
my ear and hear the cries for mercy hide
thy eyes for there shall be sudden
destruction in the twinkling of an eye
all that was shall disappear and all
things there is a season a time to speak
and the time to listen a time to laugh
and a time to cry a time to hope and a
time to despair a time for forgiveness
and the time for judgment the way shall
be cleared for my forthcoming I shall
strike the anvil with my hammer and all
shall know me as their God amen I don't
know if I'm going to get through this so
she'll Sodom and Gomorrah not be
revisited you probably sell my prophecy
message out there to the Supreme Court
to prophesied to them about the law they
made which takes us away from the
covering of the Lord we're not in the
Lord anywhere we're not under God so
again repentant be baptized in the name
of Jesus you will receive the gift of
the Holy Spirit and in proclaiming the
acceptable year of the Lord from L told
September 23rd 2015 Yom Kippur day of
atonement and again we're going to see
bad things happening really bad since so
that law was passed by the Supreme Court
that I work we were not gonna fight
favor with the Lord he's going to let
whatever the plan has happened to us
he's we are sodom and gomorrah at this
point so god bless you all remember to
like
Godzilla seven Facebook and amen shovel